I can't believe my eyes a huge spaceship
is burning above the city it looks like
something super science fiction movie
this is Earth Defense Force 2017 one of
the most entertaining video games that
I've ever played even to me buddy
how the hell does an easy gift
if I was to hand out awards for game
dialogue this is the best game ever made
with such memorable one-liners as do you
like death then die
he just shot down the spaceship it
landed on top of him and just went right
through him and sunk into the earth
that's part of the charm of Earth
Defense Force 2017 you'll you'll be
shouting EDF after playing this game if
you like Godzilla movies and old school
science fiction and playing video games
for fun rather than obsessing over
technical qualities then you'll love
this game
it is easily one of the most fun games
that I've played in a long time
now excuse me while I wipe out the horde
of bouncing alien spiders heading my
direction
before I brought classic game room back
I saw this game on the shelf and asked a
guy working at a videogame store that
you all know and I asked if it was any
good and he's like oh no no no if you
want a shooter you have to play call of
duty and games are having a more
sophisticated graphics and online and
those like oh okay because this kind of
looks cool no it sucks t-shirt because
it looks cool no I'm positive that's a
horrible game
have you played no good happy because
it's not next-gen it doesn't have
next-gen graphics
it has robots they're not next-gen
robots aren't Nick their last gen
anyway I kind of forgot about it until I
got numerous emails from viewers saying
that you need to play Earth Defense
Force 2017 you'll love it and you guys
know me well enough to know that you're
right I love this game this is one of my
favorite Xbox 360 games you may equip up
to two weapons at once it's not the most
technically advanced game while it has a
long story lining campaign it's fairly
repetitive but full of laughs it does
have a flamethrower and that's like
bonus points for this game I would have
been happy with just ray guns but the
flamethrower puts it over the top
you can't use the flamethrower on
civilians but but in all fairness she
could be an alien
haven't you seen they live you can't
tell she's not an alien just by looking
at her you have to check and see with
the flamethrower most of the aliens in
this game look like giant insects and
spiders good times
now that's a cheap-ass building you're
trying to save the city yet I find its
easiest just to level the city because
you have an easier time shooting the
aliens with no buildings in the way also
when you jump off of things your
character lands without even bending his
knees I love the way he runs I love
everything about this game
well I don't really like the repetitive
missions I guess after a while you gets
level 45 or so and you're like all right
let's just get the mothership over here
and start a fight oh no they found
another hole full of insects that I've
got to go in and destroy and then my
commanders all get killed and wiped out
and everybody starts screaming ba ba ba
ba ba you know you don't buy Earth
Defense Force 2017 for edge-of-your-seat
dramatic tension and unpredictable
storytelling you buy it for stuff like
this
and after you complete this level you
can play it again at a harder difficulty
with more armor and more weapons and
then play it at an even harder
difficulty it has five different
difficulty settings and as you play
through the game you collect armor which
increases your armor slash health points
on the bottom left I started out playing
a normal which seems to work well
because as you play through the game you
increase your health points from like
200 well up well up into the eight or
nine hundreds and you can keep going
from there then you can go back and play
the harder difficulty collecting more
advanced weaponry
this game is too good to cover in just
one part I'll see you back here in part
two with some more cinematics more
weapons and different levels Earth
Defense Force 2017
I hope the year 2017 is like this
humanity setting aside as differences
united against a common foe threatening
to destroy the world
they should make a comic book about that
and then a big-budget movie but the
comic book would be better
we have
you don't